Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the "P" is silent.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I’m afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Want to hear a construction joke? Oh… never mind, I’m still working on it.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired.
Why couldn’t the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it.
Why did the man get hit by a bike every day? He was stuck in a vicious cycle.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
I told a joke about a roof once… It went over their heads.
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me.
Did you hear about the cheese factory explosion? There was nothing left but de-brie.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mom was a wafer too long.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
The rotation of Earth really makes my day.
I asked the dog, “What’s two minus two?” He said nothing.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the moos-paper.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Want to hear something that’ll make you smile? Your face muscles.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
I got a job at a bakery because I kneaded dough.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine—he woke up.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won’t stop sending me Kit-Kats.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
I named my dog “Five Miles” so I can say I walk Five Miles every day.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.
What did one wall say to the other? “I’ll meet you at the corner.”
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prints.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
I only know one joke about umbrellas… but it’s over your head.
I used to be a shoe salesman, but I couldn’t fit in.
I once had a dream I was a muffler… I woke up exhausted.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they’d be chicken sedans.
I’d tell you a joke about chemistry… but I know I wouldn’t get a reaction.
I burned 2,000 calories today. I left my pizza in the oven.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Parallel lines have so much in common… It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
Why did the man fall into the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks.
I used to have a job as a professional cricket impersonator, but I was stumped.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? He made a mint!
Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What did one plate say to the other? Lunch is on me.
Why was Cinderella so bad at soccer? Because she kept running away from the ball.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting bigger—then it hit me.
When I found out my toaster wasn’t waterproof, I was shocked.
I didn’t want to believe my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home all the signs were there.
My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes… She gave me a hug.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison.
What’s E.T. short for? Because he’s got little legs.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
I told my wife I’d make her a belt out of watches. She said it would be a waist of time.
Why did the smartphone need glasses? It lost its contacts.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain.
Where do cows go for entertainment? The moo-vies.
What kind of music do mummies listen to? Wrap music.
Why did the man get fired from the calendar factory? He took a few days off.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? It wasn’t peeling well.
My wife told me I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What did the grapes say when they got stepped on? Nothing, they just let out a little wine.
Why did the music teacher go to jail? Because she got caught with too many sharp objects.
What kind of car does a sheep drive? A lamborghini.
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut.
Why did the cow win an award? Because it was outstanding in its field.
How does a train eat? It goes chew chew.
Why don’t graveyards ever get overcrowded? Because people are dying to get in.
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate.
Why did the man bring a ladder to the bar? Because he heard the drinks were on the house.
How do you know if a joke is a dad joke? It becomes apparent.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality.
How do you make a lemon drop? Just let it fall.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite instrument? The trom-bone.
Why did the man get locked out of his yoga class? He couldn’t find his inner peace.
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A labracadabrador.
Why couldn’t the pirate learn the alphabet? Because he always got lost at C.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks.
What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers.
I told my wife she should do the laundry. She said she didn’t like being put in a spin.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What did the janitor say to the vacuum? You suck.
Why did the barber win the race? Because he knew all the shortcuts.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
Why did the computer get cold? It left its Windows open.
What’s a vampire’s favorite fruit? A blood orange.
I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I’m OK but I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside.
I made a joke about elevators, but it didn’t go down well.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air.
Why are frogs so happy? Because they eat whatever bugs them.
Why don’t ants get sick? They have tiny ant-bodies.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here, I’m going on ahead.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer… I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
I used to be a tap dancer until I fell in the sink.
What’s a cat’s favorite color? Purr-ple.
Why did the skeleton stay home from the party? He had no body to go with.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
Why was the broom late? It swept in.
Why did the duck get a job? Because he was good at quacking the code.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why was the student’s report card wet? It was below C level.
Why did the banana go out with the prune? Because it couldn’t find a date.
I got hit in the head with a can of soda. Luckily, it was a soft drink.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
What did the triangle say to the circle? You’re pointless.
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
Why did the barber always win? Because he could handle any fringe situation.
